# MegEngine Contributor License Agreement

In order to clarify the intellectual property license granted with Contributions from any person or entity, the open source project MegEngine ("MegEngine") must have a Contributor License Agreement (CLA) on file that has been signed by each Contributor, indicating agreement to the license terms below. This license is for your protection as a Contributor as well as the protection of MegEngine and its users; it does not change your rights to use your own Contributions for any other purpose.

This Agreement allows an individual or an entity to submit Contributions to MegEngine, to authorize Contributions submitted by its designated employees to MegEngine, and to grant copyright and patent licenses.

thereto. You accept and agree to the following terms and conditions for Your present and future Contributions submitted to MegEngine. Except for the license granted herein to MegEngine and recipients of software distributed by MegEngine, You reserve all right, title, and interest in and to Your Contributions.

1. **Definitions**. "You" (or "Your") shall mean the copyright owner or legal entity authorized by the copyright owner that is making this Agreement with MegEngine. For legal entities, the entity making a Contribution and all other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that entity are considered to be a single Contributor.
For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.
"Contribution" shall mean the code, documentation or any original work of authorship, including any modifications or additions to an existing work, that is intentionally submitted by You to MegEngine for inclusion in, or documentation of, any of the products owned or managed by MegEngine (the "Work").
For the purposes of this definition, "submitted" means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to MegEngine or its representatives, including but not limited to communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, MegEngine for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by You as "Not a Contribution."

2. **Grant of Copyright License**. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You hereby grant to MegEngine and to recipients of software distributed by MegEngine a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute Your Contributions and such derivative works.

3. **Grant of Patent License**. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You hereby grant to MegEngine and to recipients of software distributed by MegEngine a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work, where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable by You that are necessarily infringed by Your Contribution(s) alone or by combination of Your Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If any entity institutes patent litigation against You or any other entity (including a crossclaim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that Your Contribution, or the Work to which You have contributed, constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses granted to that entity under this Agreement for that Contribution or Work shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.

4. You represent that You are legally entitled to grant the above license. If You are an entity, You represent further that each of Your employee designated by You is authorized to submit Contributions on behalf of You. If You are an individual and Your employer(s) has rights to intellectual property that You create that includes Your Contributions, You represent further that You have received permission to make Contributions on behalf of that employer, that Your employer has waived such rights for Your Contributions to MegEngine, or that Your employer has executed a separate CLA with MegEngine.

5. If you do post content or submit material on MegEngine and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant MegEngine a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, perform, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media. You grant MegEngine and sublicensees the right to use your GitHub Public Profile, including but not limited to name, that you submit in connection with such content. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post; that the content is accurate; that use of the content you supply does not violate this policy and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and that you will indemnify MegEngine for all claims resulting from content you supply. MegEngine has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content. MegEngine takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party.

6. You represent that each of Your Contributions is Your original creation. Should You wish to submit work that is not Your original creation, You may submit it to MegEngine separately from any Contribution, identifying the complete details of its source and of any license or other restriction (including, but not limited to, related patents, trademarks, and license agreements) of which You are personally aware, and conspicuously marking the work as "Submitted on behalf of a third party: [named here]".

7. You are not expected to provide support for Your Contributions, except to the extent You desire to provide support. You may provide support for free, for a fee, or not at all. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, You provide Your Contributions on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

8. You agree to notify MegEngine of any facts or circumstances of which You become aware that would make these representations inaccurate in any respect.

9. This the effective date of this Contributor License Agreement is 2020/3/23. MegEngine reserves the right to update or change this Agreement at any time, by posting the most current version of the Agreement on MegEngine, with a new effective date. All such changes in the Agreement are effective from the effective date. Your continued use of MegEngine after we post any such changes signifies your agreement to those changes. If you do not agree to the then-current Agreement, you must immediately discontinue using MegEngine.

